6.3 Basic Map Commands
----------------------

These map commands are some of the most basic commands of map making. These commands do not require an active province (see Province Commands) even if they affect a specific province.

**#domversion <version>**  
Set the minimum version of Dominions required to use this map. This number is usually 450 for Dominions 5 maps, meaning Dominions version 4.50 or higher is required.

**#winterimagefile <filename>**  
The image file for the winter version of the map. A winter map is not required, but you won’t get any winter look on cold provinces without it. A winter map must have exactly the same size as the normal map.

**#scenario**  
This command tags the map as a scenario and this will be indicated by a small burning star when selecting a map. It disables most game setup options, because those are supposed to be determined by map commands in the scenario map file.

**#description “text”**  
The description of the map that is shown after selecting a map to play on. Use two newlines to add a new paragraph. Alternatively, use ^ at the end of a line to indicate newline. If you use ^at the beginning of a line, it adds two newlines.

**#neighbour <province nbr> <province nbr>**  
Makes it possible to move between these two provinces (in both directions). Use the map editor to set province neighbors. Doing it from the map file with a text editor is VERY difficult.

**#neighbourspec <land1> <land2> <spcnbr>**  
This command can be used to create a mountain pass or other type of special border between two provinces. Spcnbr indicates a special border types from these values: 0 = standard border, 1 = mountain pass, 2 = river border, 4 = impassable, 8 = road. You really should use the map editor to enter this information.

**#pb <x> <y> <len> <province nbr>**  
Sets what pixels belong to which province. This information really cannot be entered without using the map editor.

**#landname <province nbr> “name”**  
Sets the name of a specific province.

