6.6 Setting Start Locations
---------------------------

These commands allow you to set or deny specific provinces as start locations and to control which nations starts where on a map. The specstart locations will be used if you create a game with the Use special starting locations option enabled.

**#start <province nbr>**  
Sets a recommended start location. By creating at least one start location for each player, every player will start at one of these locations. If start provinces are set, nations will start at these locations unless there are more nations than start provinces. If there are more nations than start provinces, the extra nations will start in eligible random locations. If a province is set as a start province but its terrain mask includes the value 512 (nostart), the nostart will override the start command and no nation will start there. If no start provinces are set, all provinces are available as random starting locations unless set nonstartable with the nostart command or in the map editor.

**#nostart <province nbr>**  
Tags a province as nonstartable. No player will start here when placed at random. This command can also be set from the map editor, which adds 512 to the province’s terrain mask.

**#specstart <nation nbr> <land nbr>**  
Use this command to assign a specific nation to a specific start location. Nation numbers can be found in the Early Era Nations table and the three following tables. If you use the #specstart command, please note that using the #land command to select the starting province of the nation for further modification results in the nation starting with no troops and a dead god. This is because the #land command kills all units initially placed in the province. In such situations the #setland command should be used instead.

**#teamstart <land nbr> <team nbr>**  
This command can be used in disciple games to force teams to start at certain positions. E.g. to make one team start on one side of the map and the other team on the other side. Team nbr is a value between 0 and number of teams - 1. This value doesn’t correspond to the team number used when creating a game, it’s random which team will get which teamstart position. Use the map editor and press ctrl 0-7 to set up the team positions in an easy way.

