6.9 God Commands
----------------

These commands are used to set a specific pretender god for a specific nation and will override the pretenders designed or loaded during game setup. Each of these commands may be used independently of the others. They do not require an active province. If human controlled nations are assigned gods or dominion scales, cheat detection will be triggered if the player do not conform to the normal design point limits for pretenders.

**#god <nation nbr> “<type>”**  
Forces the god of one nation to be this monster. The god becomes the active commander and can be manipulated with the commander commands.

The same limitations on defining the commander type apply, meaning that modded monsters must be defined by their name instead of monster number. Using this command will generate an error message and exit on game creation if the nation is not in play on the map.

**#dominionstr <nation nbr> <1-10>**  
Sets the dominion strength of a nation to a value between 1 and 10.

**#scale chaos <nation nbr> <(-3)-3>**  
Forces the Order / Turmoil dominion scale of a nation to a value between -3 and 3. A value of 3 means that the scale is fully tipped to the right (Turmoil) and -3 means it is fully tipped to the left (Order).

**#scale lazy <nation nbr> <(-3)-3>**  
Forces the Productivity / Sloth dominion scale of a nation to a value between -3 and 3. A value of 3 means that the scale is fully tipped to the right (Sloth) and -3 means it is fully tipped to the left (Productivity).

**#scale cold <nation nbr> <(-3)-3>**  
Forces the Heat / Cold dominion scale of a nation to a value between -3 and 3. A value of 3 means that the scale is fully tipped to the right (Cold) and -3 means it is fully tipped to the left (Heat).

**#scale death <nation nbr> <(-3)-3>**  
Forces the Growth / Death dominion scale of a nation to a value between -3 and 3. A value of 3 means that the scale is fully tipped to the right (Death) and -3 means it is fully tipped to the left (Growth).

**#scale unluck <nation nbr> <(-3)-3>**  
Forces the Luck / Misfortune dominion scale of a nation to a value between -3 and 3. A value of 3 means that the scale is fully tipped to the right (Misfortune) and -3 means it is fully tipped to the left (Luck).

**#scale unmagic <nation nbr> <(-3)-3>**  
Forces the Magic / Drain dominion scale of a nation to a value between -3 and 3. A value of 3 means that the scale is fully tipped to the right (Drain) and -3 means it is fully tipped to the left (Magic).

