6.3 Basic Map Commands
----------------------

These map commands are some of the most basic commands of map making. These commands do not require an active province (see Province Commands) even if they affect a specific province.

* `#domversion <version>` – Set the minimum version of Dominions required to use this map. This number is usually 600 for Dominions 6 maps, meaning Dominions version 6.00 or higher is required.
* `#description "text"` – The description of the map that is shown after selecting a map to play on.
* `#planename <text>` – The name of the plane. The default is "Pantokrator's Realm".
* `#mapnohide` – Prevent province fog of war on this plane. The entire map image will be shown at once without any obscured areas.
* `#nodeepcaves` – If this command is used no extra random cave plane will be added to this plane. If you have multiple planes, this command must be added to all planes that should not have a cave underneath, otherwise the caves will be added to the first plane without this command.
* `#nodeepchoice` – Disables the choice of underground plane. It will always be set to off. If you have `#nodeepcaves` on your only plane or all of your planes if many, you should add this command as well. It will make the map setup less confusing as no underground plane would be added anyway.
* `#neighbour <province nbr> <province nbr>` – Makes it possible to move between these two provinces (in both directions). Use the map editor to set province neighbors. Doing it from the map file with a text editor is very difficult.
* `#neighbourspec <land1> <land2> <spcnbr>` – Create a mountain pass or other type of special border between two provinces. `spcnbr` indicates a special border type from these values: 0 = standard border, 1 = mountain pass, 2 = river border, 4 = impassable, 8 = road. You really should use the map editor to enter this information.
* `#pb <x> <y> <len> <province nbr>` – Sets what pixels belong to which province. This information really cannot be entered without using the map editor.
* `#landname <province nbr> "name"` – Sets the name of a specific province.
