6.5 Advanced Map Commands
---------------------------
These map commands are not necessary to get a working
map, but they allow a great deal of customization and
enhancement. These commands do not require an active
province (see Province Commands) even if they affect a
specific province. Many of these commands are global and
affect all provinces on the map or map attributes that are not
directly tied to a specific province. It is recommended that
they be placed at the start of the map file after the
description.
#maptextcol <red> <green> <blue> <alpha>
Sets the color used to print province names. Each value should
be a decimal number between 0.0 and 1.0.
#mapdomcol <red> <green> <blue> <alpha>
Sets the color used for dominion overlay. Each value should be
an integer between 0 and 255.
#saildist <1-10>
Sets the maximum sail distance in sea provinces. A commander
with the sailing ability will be able to pass this many sea
provinces. It default to 2, but if seas are very large or
strategically important it might be good to reduce this to 1.
#features <0-100>
Sets the magic site frequency. This command will override the
site frequency specified in the game setup screen.
#nohomelandnames
When this switch is used, homelands will no longer be named
after their starting nations. For example, the home of Abysia
might be called The Summer Lands or whatever.
#nonamefilter
Map filter that displays province names is disabled when this
command is used.
#allowedplayer <nation nbr>
Makes this nation one of the allowed nations to play on this map.
Use this command multiple times or the map will only be able to
host one player. Nation numbers can be found in the tables
below. This command can be used to make era specific maps.
Early era nations
5 Arcoscephale, Golden Era
6 Mekone, Brazen Giants
7 Pangaea, Age of Revelry
8 Ermor, New Faith
9 Sauromatia, Amazon Queens
10 Fomoria, The Cursed Ones
11 Tir na n'Og, Land of the Ever Young
12 Marverni, Time of Druids
13 Ulm, Enigma of Steel
14 Pyrène, Kingdom of the Bekrydes
15 Agartha, Pale Ones
16 Abysia, Children of Flame
17 Hinnom, Sons of the Fallen
18 Ubar, Kingdom of the Unseen
19 Ur, The First City
20 Kailasa, Rise of the Ape Kings
21 Lanka, Land of Demons
22 T'ien Ch'i, Spring and Autumn
23 Yomi, Oni Kings
24 Caelum, Eagle Kings
25 Mictlan, Reign of Blood
26 Xibalba, Vigil of the Sun
27 C'tis, Lizard Kings
28 Machaka, Lion Kings
29 Berytos, The Phoenix Empire
30 Vanheim, Age of Vanir
31 Helheim, Dusk and Death
32 Rus, Sons of Heaven
33 Niefelheim, Sons of Winter
34 Muspelheim, Sons of Fire
40 Pelagia, Pearl Kings
41 Oceania, Coming of the Capricorns
42 Therodos, Telkhine Spectre
43 Atlantis, Emergence of the Deep Ones
44 R'lyeh, Time of Aboleths
Middle era nations
50 Arcoscephale, The Old Kingdom
51 Phlegra, Deformed Giants
52 Pangaea, Age of Bronze
53 Asphodel, Carrion Woods
54 Ermor, Ashen Empire
55 Sceleria, The Reformed Empire
56 Pythium, Emerald Empire
57 Man, Tower of Avalon
58 Eriu, Last of the Tuatha
59 Agartha, Golem Cult
60 Ulm, Forges of Ulm
61 Marignon, Fiery Justice
62 Pyrène, Time of the Akelarre
63 Abysia, Blood and Fire
64 Ashdod, Reign of the Anakim
65 Na'Ba, Queens of the Desert
66 Uruk, City States
67 Ind, Magnificent Kingdom of Exalted Virtue
68 Bandar Log, Land of the Apes
69 T'ien Ch'i, Imperial Bureaucracy
70 Shinuyama, Land of the Bakemono
71 Caelum, Reign of the Seraphim
72 Nazca, Kingdom of the Sun
73 Mictlan, Reign of the Lawgiver
74 Xibalba, Flooded Caves
75 C'tis, Miasma
76 Machaka, Reign of Sorcerors
77 Phaeacia, Isle of the Dark Ships
78 Vanheim, Arrival of Man
79 Vanarus, Land of the Chuds
80 Jotunheim, Iron Woods
81 Nidavangr, Bear, Wolf and Crow
85 Ys, Morgen Queens
86 Pelagia, Triton Kings
87 Oceania, Mermidons
88 Atlantis, Kings of the Deep
89 R'lyeh, Fallen Star
Late era nations
95 Arcoscephale, Sibylline Guidance
96 Phlegra, Sleeping Giants
97 Pangaea, New Era
98 Pythium, Serpent Cult
99 Lemuria, Soul Gates
100 Man, Towers of Chelms
101 Ulm, Black Forest
102 Agartha, Ktonian Dead
103 Marignon, Conquerors of the Sea
104 Abysia, Blood of Humans
105 Ragha, Dual Kingdom
106 Caelum, Return of the Raptors
107 Gath, Last of the Giants
108 Patala, Reign of the Nagas
109 T'ien Ch'i, Barbarian Kings
110 Jomon, Human Daimyos
111 Mictlan, Blood and Rain
112 Xibalba, Return of the Zotz
113 C'tis, Desert Tombs
115 Midgård, Age of Men
116 Bogarus, Age of Heroes
117 Utgård, Well of Urd
118 Vaettiheim, Wolf Kin Jarldom
119 Feminie, Sage-Queens
120 Piconye, Legacy of the Prester King
121 Andramania, Dog Republic
125 Erytheia, Kingdom of Two Worlds
126 Atlantis, Frozen Sea
127 R'lyeh, Dreamlands
Special Nations
Number Nation Note
0 Independents
2 Special Independents e.g. Horrors
4 Roaming Independents e.g. Barbarians
#computerplayer <nation nbr> <difficulty>
This nation will always be controlled by the computer. Difficulty
ranges from one to five. One is Easy AI. Two is Standard
difficulty, followed by Difficult (3), Mighty (4) and Impossible (5)
AI.
#victorycondition <condition> <attribute>
The game will end when one player fulfills a special condition, see
table Victory Conditions. Dominion score is 11-20 points per
converted province, depending on the strength of the dominion.
The value of 'condition'
Victory Conditions
Number Condition Attribute
0 Standard Nothing
6 Thrones Nbr of Ascension Points
#cannotwin <nation nbr>
This nation will not win even if they fulfill the victory condition.
