6.6 Setting Start Locations
---------------------------

These commands allow you to set or deny specific provinces as start locations and to control which nations starts where on a map. The `#specstart` locations will be used if you create a game with the **Use special starting locations** option enabled.

* `#start <province nbr>` – Sets a recommended start location. By creating at least one start location for each player, every player will start at one of these locations. If start provinces are set, nations will start at these locations unless there are more nations than start provinces. If there are more nations than start provinces, the extra nations will start in eligible random locations.
* `#nostart <province nbr>` – Tags a province as nonstartable. No player will start here when placed at random. This command can also be set from the map editor, which adds 512 to the province's terrain mask.
* `#specstart <nation nbr> <land nbr>` – Assign a specific nation to a specific start location. Nation numbers can be found in the Nations tables. If you use the `#specstart` command, note that using the `#land` command to select the starting province results in the nation starting with no troops and a dead god. Use `#setland` instead.
* `#teamstart <land nbr> <team nbr>` – Used in disciple games to force teams to start at certain positions. Team `nbr` is a value between 0 and number of teams - 1. It's random which team will get which teamstart position. Use the map editor and press `ctrl` 0-7 to set up the team positions.
