6.8 Commander Commands
--------------------
These commands are used to set specific monsters in the
active province and manipulate those monsters to modify
them from the base monster type to create thematic
provinces and special heroes. They must be used after the
#land or #setland commands, because they require an active
province. Whenever commanders and units are placed on a
map, the type can be set using either the monster number or
the monster name in quote marks. If the commander or unit
to be added is a new monster defined in a mod, then monster
number cannot be used and the name must be used instead.
#commander "<type>"
Puts one of these commanders in the active province. The
commander will have a random name according to its nametype.
This commander will be the active commander.
#comname "<name>"
Replaces the active commander’s random name with this one.
#bodyguards <nbr> "<type>"
Gives bodyguards to the active commander. This command only
affects independents. AI nations will ignore this command.
#units <nbr of units> "<type>"
Gives a squad of soldiers to the active commander.
#xp <0-900>
Gives experience points to the active commander.
#randomequip <rich>
Gives random magic items to the active commander. Rich must
be between 0 and 4. A value of 0 means small chance of getting a
magic item and 4 means large chance of getting many powerful
items.
#additem "<item name>"
Gives a magic item to active commander. Items cannot be
assigned by item number.
#clearmagic
Removes all magic skills from the active commander.
#mag_fire <level>
Gives active commander Fire magic.
#mag_air <level>
Gives active commander Air magic.
#mag_water <level>
Gives active commander Water magic.
#mag_earth <level>
Gives active commander Earth magic.
#mag_astral <level>
Gives active commander Astral magic.
#mag_death <level>
Gives active commander Death magic.
#mag_nature <level>
Gives active commander Nature magic.
#mag_glamour <level>
Gives active commander Glamour magic.
#mag_blood <level>
Gives active commander Blood magic.
#mag_priest <level>
Gives active commander Holy magic.
