6.9 God Commands
----------------
These commands are used to set a specific pretender god for a
specific nation and will override the pretenders designed or
loaded during game setup. Each of these commands may be
used independently of the others. They do not require an
active province. If human controlled nations are assigned
gods or dominion scales, cheat detection will be triggered if
the player do not conform to the normal design point limits
for pretenders.
#god <nation nbr> "<type>"
Forces the god of one nation to be this monster. The god
becomes the active commander and can be manipulated with the
commander commands.
The same limitations on defining the commander type apply,
meaning that modded monsters must be defined by their
name instead of monster number. Using this command will
generate an error message and exit on game creation if the
nation is not in play on the map.
#dominionstr <nation nbr> <1-10>
Sets the dominion strength of a nation to a value between 1 and
10.
#scale chaos <nation nbr> <(-5)-5>
Forces the Order / Turmoil dominion scale of a nation to a value
between -5 and 5. A value of 5 means that the scale is fully
tipped to the right (Turmoil) and -5 means it is fully tipped to the
left (Order).
#scale lazy <nation nbr> <(-5)-5>
Forces the Productivity / Sloth dominion scale of a nation to a
value between -5 and 5. A value of 5 means that the scale is fully
tipped to the right (Sloth) and -5 means it is fully tipped to the
left (Productivity).
#scale cold <nation nbr> <(-5)-5>
Forces the Heat / Cold dominion scale of a nation to a value
between -5 and 5. A value of 5 means that the scale is fully
tipped to the right (Cold) and -5 means it is fully tipped to the left
(Heat).
#scale death <nation nbr> <(-5)-5>
Forces the Growth / Death dominion scale of a nation to a value
between -5 and 5. A value of 5 means that the scale is fully
tipped to the right (Death) and -5 means it is fully tipped to the
left (Growth).
#scale unluck <nation nbr> <(-5)-5>
Forces the Luck / Misfortune dominion scale of a nation to a
value between -5 and 5. A value of 5 means that the scale is fully
tipped to the right (Misfortune) and -5 means it is fully tipped to
the left (Luck).
#scale unmagic <nation nbr> <(-5)-5>
Forces the Magic / Drain dominion scale of a nation to a value
between -5 and 5. A value of 5 means that the scale is fully
tipped to the right (Drain) and -5 means it is fully tipped to the
left (Magic).
