6.1 Syntax
----------

Two consecutive dashes – are used to denote comments. Anything after the dashes is ignored. This can be used to add explanations of what is being added to a map file and what is being intended with the commands.

All Dominions 5 map commands begin with a # sign. Map commands may or may not have arguments. An argument is a value after the command itself to denote something. Arguments are indicated by <object> after the command itself, e.g.

#setland <province nbr>

A map command that does not have an argument is used to assign a fixed effect. The effect of these commands are always the same.. Map commands that have arguments can have one or more of them and the arguments may be of several different types. Some commands require more than one type of argument to work.

The following types of arguments are used for map commands in Dominions 5:

*   integer: a whole number
*   percent: a percentage value (may be higher than 100 in some cases). Expressed as integer in mod syntax, interpreted as percentage.
*   “string”: text such as province names, map descriptions etc.
*   bitmask: a bitmask is a special type of integer number. Any integer can be expressed as a sum of the powers of 2. In a bitmask number each power of 2 that it contains means a different thing. A bitmask argument assigns ALL of these attributes to the object being modded.

Example: Setting the terrain type of a province

     #terrain \<prov nbr\> \<terrain mask\>

is a command where the first argument of the command selects the target province and the second argument bitmask operation that assigns the specified terrain. Setting a bitmask of 1601 (1+64+512+1024) would mean a small province (1) that is a wasteland (64), which cannot be a starting location (512) and which has a high probability of containing many magic sites (1024).

