6.5 Advanced Map Commands
-------------------------

These map commands are not necessary to get a working map, but they allow a great deal of customization and enhancement. These commands do not require an active province (see Province Commands) even if they affect a specific province. Many of these commands are global and affect all provinces on the map or map attributes that are not directly tied to a specific province. It is recommended that they be placed at the start of the map file after the description.

**#maptextcol <red> <green> <blue> <alpha>**  
Sets the color used to print province names. Each value should be between 0.0 and 1.0.

**#saildist <1-10>**  
Sets the maximum sail distance in sea provinces. A commander with the sailing ability will be able to pass this many sea provinces. It default to 2, but if seas are very large or strategically important it might be good to reduce this to 1.

**#features <0-100>**  
Sets the magic site frequency. This command will override the site frequency specified in the game setup screen.

**#nohomelandnames**  
When this switch is used, homelands will no longer be named after their starting nations. For example, the home of Abysia might be called The Summer Lands or whatever.

**#nonamefilter**  
Map filter that displays province names is disabled when this command is used. Does not work correctly.

**#allowedplayer <nation nbr>**  
Makes this nation one of the allowed nations to play on this map. Use this command multiple times or the map will only be able to host one player. Nation numbers can be found in the tables below. This command can be used to make era specific maps.

Early Era Nations

Number

Nation

Epithet

5

Arcoscephale

Golden Era

6

Ermor

New Faith

7

Ulm Enig

ma of Steel

8

Marverni

Time of Druids

9

Sauromatia

Amazon Queens

10

T’ien Ch’i

Spring and Autumn

11

Machaka

Lion Kings

12

Mictlan

Reign of Blood

13

Abysia

Children of Flame

14

Caelum

Eagle Kings

15

C’tis

Lizard Kings

16

Pangaea

Age of Revelry

17

Agartha

Pale Ones

18

Tir na n’Og

Land of the Ever Young

19

Fomoria

The Cursed Ones

20

Vanheim

Age of Vanir

21

Helheim

Dusk and Death

22

Niefelheim

Sons of Winter

25

Kailasa

Rise of the Ape Kings

26

Lanka

Land of Demons

27

Yomi

Oni Kings

28

Hinnom

Sons of the Fallen

29

Ur The

First City

30

Berytos

Phoenix Empire

31

Xibalba

Vigil of the Sun

36

Atlantis

Emergence of the Deep Ones

37

R’lyeh

Time of Aboleths

38

Pelagia

Pearl Kings

39

Oceania

Coming of the Capricorns

40

Therodos

Telkhine Spectre

Middle Era Nations

Number

Nation

Epithet

43

Arcoscephale

The Old Kingdom

44

Ermor

Ashen Empire

45

Sceleria

Reformed Empire

46

Pythium

Emerald Empire

47

Man Towe

r of Avalon

48

Eriu

Last of the Tuatha

49

Ulm Forg

es of Ulm

50

Marignon

Fiery Justice

51

Mictlan

Reign of the Lawgiver

52

T’ien Ch’i

Imperial Bureaucracy

53

Machaka

Reign of Sorcerors

54

Agartha

Golem Cult

55

Abysia

Blood and Fire

56

Caelum

Reign of the Seraphim

57

C’tis

Miasma

58

Pangaea

Age of Bronze

59

Asphodel

Carrion Woods

60

Vanheim

Arrival of Man

61

Jotunheim

Iron Woods

62

Vanarus

Land of the Chuds

63

Bandar Log

Land of the Apes

64

Shinuyama

Land of the Bakemono

65

Ashdod

Reign of the Anakim

66

Uruk

City States

67

Nazca

Kingdom of the Sun

68

Xibalba

Flooded Caves

73

Atlantis

Kings of the Deep

74

R’lyeh

Fallen Star

75

Pelagia

Triton Kings

76

Oceania

Mermidons

77

Ys Morg

en Queens

Late Era Nations

Number

Nation

Epithet

80

Arcoscephale

Sibylline Guidance

81

Pythium

Serpent Cult

82

Lemur

Soul Gate

83

Man

Towers of Chelms

84

Ulm

Black Forest

85

Marignon

Conquerors of the Sea

86

Mictlan

Blood and Rain

87

T’ien Ch’i

Barbarian Kings

89

Jomon

Human Daimyos

90

Agartha

Ktonian Dead

91

Abysia

Blood of Humans

92

Caelum

Return of the Raptors

93

C’tis

Desert Tombs

94

Pangaea

New Era

95

Midgård

Age of Men

96

Utgård

Well of Urd

97

Bogarus

Age of Heroes

98

Patala

Reign of the Nagas

99

Gath

Last of the Giants

100

Ragha

Dual Kingdom

101

Xibalba

Return of the Zotz

106

Atlantis

Frozen Sea

107

R’lyeh

Dreamlands

108

Erytheia

Kingdom of Two Worlds

Special Nations

Number

Nation

Note

0

Independents

2

Special Independents

e.g. Horrors

**#computerplayer <nation nbr> <difficulty>**  
This nation will always be controlled by the computer. Difficulty ranges from one to five. One is Easy AI. Two is Standard difficulty, followed by Difficult (3), Mighty (4) and Impossible (5) AI.

**#allies <nation nbr> <nation nbr>**  
These two players will not attack each other. This command will only affect computer players.

**#victorycondition <condition> <attribute>**  
The game will end when one player fulfills a special condition, see table Victory Conditions. Dominion score is 11-20 points per converted province, depending on the strength of the dominion. The value of ‘condition’ should be a number from 0 to 6.

Victory Conditions

Number

Condition

Attribute

0

Standard

Nothing

2

Dominion

Dominion score req.

3

Provinces

Provinces required

4

Research

Research points req.

6

Thrones

Nbr of Ascension Points

**#cannotwin <nation nbr>**  
This nation will not win when they fulfill a special victory condition.

**#victorypoints <land nbr> <1-7>**  
The player who has control over this province will control from one to seven victory points. If the province has a fort then the controller of the fort controls the victory points.

