6.7 Province Commands
---------------------

These commands are used to manipulate specific provinces in order to set different features manually instead of being randomly assigned during game setup. Unless otherwise specified, they only affect the active province.

**#land <province nbr>**  
Sets the active province and kills everyone in it.  
All the following commands will only affect the active province. Use this command if you want to activate a province in order to replace its random inhabitants with the monsters of your choice.

**#setland <province nbr>**  
Sets the active province. All the following commands will only affect the active province.

**#poptype <poptype nbr>**  
Sets the population type of the active province. This determines which troops may be recruited in the province. Poptype numbers can be found in the large table on the following page. If poptype is set with a number higher than existing poptypes, there will be no units available for recruitment in the province. This command will override the poptype that was randomly assigned to the province during game creation, but it will NOT change the independent defenders, which will be of the poptype this command overwrote. Example: if the randomly determined poptype during game creation was 42 (Jade Amazons) and the poptype has been set to 25 (Barbarians) by this map command, the independent defenders will still be Jade Amazons. You just won’t be able to recruit them. If you want the independent defenders to match the specified poptype, you must set them manually in the map file using the Commander Commands . You should also use the #land command to select the province if you do not want the randomly assigned defenders in addition to the ones you set manually.

Poptypes

Number

Poptype

25

Barbarians

26

Horse Tribe

27

Militia, Archers, Hvy Inf

28

Militia, Archers, Hvy Inf

29

Militia, Archers, Hvy Inf

30

Militia, Longbow, Knight

31

Tritons

32

Lt Inf, Hvy Inf, X-Bow

33

Lt Inf, Hvy Inf, X-Bow

34

Raptors

35

Slingers

36

Lizards

37

Woodsmen

38

Hoburg

39

Militia, Archers, Lt Inf

40

Amazon, Crystal

41

Amazon, Garnet

42

Amazon, Jade

43

Amazon, Onyx

44

Troglodytes

45

Tritons, Shark Knights

46

Amber Clan Tritons

47

X-Bow, Hvy Cavalry

48

Militia, Lt Inf, Hvy Inf

49

Militia, Lt Inf, Hvy Inf

50

Militia, Lt Inf, Hvy Inf

51

Militia, Lt Cav, Hvy Cav

52

Militia, Lt Cav, Hvy Cav

53

Militia, Lt Cav, Hvy Cav

54

Hvy Inf, Hvy Cavalry

55

Hvy Inf, Hvy Cavalry

56

Hvy Inf, Hvy Cavalry

57

Shamblers

58

Lt Inf, Hvy Inf, X-Bow

59

Militia, Lt Inf, Archers

60

Militia, Lt Inf, Archers

61

Vaettir, Trolls

62

Tribals, Deer

63

Tritons

64

Tritons

65

Ichtyids

66

Vaettir

67

Vaettir, Dwarven Smith

68

Slingers, Hvy Inf, Elephants

69

Asmeg

70

Vaettir, Svartalf

71

Trolls

72

Mermen

73

Tritons, Triton Knights

74

Lt Inf, Lt Cav, Cataphracts

75

Hoburg, LA

76

Hoburg, EA

77

Atavi Apes

78

Tribals, Wolf

79

Tribals, Bear

80

Tribals, Lion

81

Pale Ones

82

Tribals, Jaguar

83

Tribals, Toad

84

Cavemen

85

Kappa

86

Bakemono

87

Bakemono

88

Ko-Oni

89

Fir Bolg

90

Turtle Tribe Tritons

91

Shark Tribe Tritons

92

Shark Tribe, Shark Riders

93

Zotz

94

Lava-born

95

Ichtyid Shaman

96

Bone Tribe

97

Merrow

98

Kulullu

**#owner <nation nbr>**  
Changes the ownership of the active province. Nation nbr indicates the new owner. Nation numbers can be found in the Early Era Nations table and the three following tables.

**#killfeatures**  
Removes all magic sites from the active province.

**#feature “<site name>” | <site nbr>**  
Puts a specific magic site in the active province. This command can be used a maximum of eight times per province, because that is the maximum number of sites a province can have. Adding unique sites to a map using this command will NOT prevent those sites from appearing randomly, because the map file is only applied to the game map after game setup has done random determination of sites for each province. If the #killfeatures command was not used and all site slots were already filled by randomly determined sites during game setup, this command will be ignored and the site won’t appear. These same limitations apply to the following command:

**#knownfeature “<site name>” | <site nbr>**  
Puts a specific magic site in the active province. This site is already found at the start of the game, regardless of its ordinary path level. Using this command prevents special features of the site that depend on its discovery from activating. For example, the magic site Academy of High Magics normally causes a laboratory to be built in the province upon discovery, but if the site is set by this command, the #lab command must be used to add a laboratory to the province. Otherwise the owner of the province must build the laboratory as normal and pay the gold cost.

**#fort <fort nbr>**  
Puts a specific fort in the active province. Fort nbr is a number between 1 and 29 and the list of fort numbers can be found in the Fortifications table. Will replace a nation’s default fort if used on a capital location.

Fortifications

Number

Fort

1

Palisades

2

Fortress

3

Castle

4

Citadel

5

Rock Walls

6

Fortress

7

Castle

8

Castle of Bronze and Crystal

9

Kelp Fort

10

Bramble Fort

11

City Palisades

12

Walled City

13

Fortified City

14

Great Walled City

15

Giant Palisades

16

Giant Fortress

17

Giant Castle

18

Giant Citadel

19

Grand Citadel

20

Ice Walls

21

Ice Fortress

22

Ice Castle

23

Ice Citadel

24

Wizard’s Tower

25

Citadel of Power

27

Fortified village

28

Wooden Fort

29

Crystal Citadel

**#temple**  
Puts a temple in the active province.

**#lab**  
Puts a laboratory in the active province.

**#unrest <0-500>**  
Sets the unrest level of the active province.

**#population <0-50000>**  
Sets the population number of the active province.

**#defence <0-125>**  
Sets the province defence of the active nation. This command cannot be used for independent provinces.

**#skybox “<pic.tga>”**  
Sets the sky (battleground background) to a tga/rgb pic of your choice for fights in the current province. The picture size should be a power of two. 512\*512 is a good size.

**#batmap “<battlemap.d3m>”**  
Sets the battleground that fights take place in for the current province. You can use the special name ’ empty ’ for no battleground, useful for battles in space perhaps. This will affect fights both outside and inside castles.

**#groundcol <red> <green> <blue>**  
Color the world with the specified colors for fights in the current province. Color values range from 0 to 255.

**#rockcol <red> <green> <blue>**  
Color the world with the specified colors for fights in the current province. Color values range from 0 to 255.

**#fogcol <red> <green> <blue>**  
Color the world with the specified colors for fights in the current province. Color values range from 0 to 255.

